So people have hit your landing page.
You've driven a load of
people to the landing page.
Maybe they've pre-ordered, maybe they've
signed up for a mailing list, whatever.
But you now know who these people are and
you wanna nurture them a bit.
We wanna get them excited,
we wanna get them on board.
So when we actually
wanna take their money,
they still are willing to give it to us,
right?
Now from running campaign in itself,
we're gonna have learned loads of things
about our audience who might have done
multiple versions of the campaign with
slightly different landing pages.
With different calls to action,
with different pricing.
We can fiddle around with that as
much as we want to or otherwise.
All the time we're doing those tests,
not only are we learning about
what we'll work to build, but
we're also building up an audience, right?
And we don't wanna loose that audience and
we'll lose them if their
emails just sit there, right?
How many times, I don't know,
I sign up for stuff, I'm like you,
I'm an early adopter, so
I'll sign up for any old wet maids.
And then I get this email through, say,
you'll be excited to
hear we've launched X.
And I'm going X, X.
What was that?
Yeah, did I sign up for that?
I don't think I signed up for
that spam, right?
I mean that's useless.
You've got to nurture people you've
got to hear from you regularly.
So, this is why I do.
When people first sign up, I put them on
what I call an on boarding email series.
So I plan a series of emails over
a number of weeks that talk them
through the features and
the benefits that they will receive, or
even go a little bit broader than that.
You have a series of emails over
a series of weeks just to kind of get
them on board, get them thinking,
get them a bit enthusiastic.
Then after that, right?
Because you might not necessarily
build the whole app in a few weeks,
you're probably not.
I expect you've got months
of work ahead of you.
So once a month or so,
I would drop them an email,
basically with a progress update IT
trying to keep them excited try and
keep them engaged, talking about
the development, progress, etc.
And what I tend to encourage in
those is a bit of feedback as well.
Why don't you write me tell
me about your story and
the challenges you've been facing?
Maybe you want to suggest to the feature,
right?
And create a place where users can
submit ideas that they want to see in
the application and vote them up and down.
And we can use that poll
unit that we used for
the top task analysis earlier to
collect those features, right?
So that makes people feel kind of engaged.
And then when the product maybe
is in a bit of a better place,
then you can give them some early access,
right?
You can encourage those on
the mailing list to use the app for
free for a while to a,
get them hooked, hopefully, b,
to get some useful feedback and
c, to encourage them interest.
So there's lots of opportunities there as
well to really nurture that audience and
make use of them.
And that's basically it in terms
of that kinda test campaign.
But that test campaign is by far
the most powerful thing, in some ways,
out of everything that I've said today.
Because it's an opportunity to
really find out whether this,
anybody is going to buy this thing
at the end of the day, right?
Now again, I'll go back to what
I said right at the beginning,
if you're just doing this for fun or
is a bit of a side project or
to learn something, you don't need
to do any of this stuff, right?
But if you're trying to build
a sustainable business,
running a campaign that actually is
identifies whether or not your campaign,
whether your product is gonna work,
is completely worth doing.
And so, I'd encourage you if you're gonna
run a test campaign, start off by clearly
defining what your call to action is
going to be, what success looks like.
Is it that pre-order?
Is it signing up for a waiting list?
What is it then make the hard
decisions about price, right?
And if you can't decide how to price it,
run multiple landing pages and drive
different people at different landing
pages and see which one works the best.
Then you build your landing pages out,
you drive traffic to them.
The drive traffic to them is the hard bit,
I'll be honest with you there's
no way around it is our work,
and then you wanna also nurture
that audience over time.